Summary of game
You are a hacker who wants to steal documents from a computer.
The computer is currently locked and you need to solve the cipher before you can unlock it.
There is a countdown-timer for solving the cipher. If it goes to zero, you will be locked out permanently and lose.

Objects
Computer Terminal
Image of a simplified Computer Terminal
Similar to what Fallout 4 uses, with a basic computer border with all interactions happening inside.
This will be static. and wont move
(OPTIONAL) Possibly add some flashing etc to make it more "life-like"
A-Z Characters
Images of alphabet A-Z.
Each individual character will be used to form the encrypted message
Var name = alphabet char
Text-box input
Text-box inputs for the player to enter characters
NOTE: # of text-boxes will have to match how many characters are in the encrypted message, so there needs to be a way to link the two together, so that #EncryptedChars generated = #Text-boxes.
Hint button
A basic button which can be clicked on by the user
If clicked on, it will output the SHIFT VALUE so that the user knows how many shifts are needed for each char to win
Start game button
A button for the user to start the game
Once clicked on, it will load a new instance of the game.

Try again button
A button for the user to re-start the game / refresh once they failed or completed the game.
This will load a new instance of the game, i.e. a different shift value and different encrypted string

Functionality

Encryption / Character Shifting
When the player clicks either: START GAME or PLAY AGAIN
The game engine will choose a random shift value (1-26)
Shift of 0 would be pointless as that = the same original message
The game engine will also pull from a dictionary of strings (created by me), translate each char in the string (sans whitespace) into an object which will be rendered on screen.
Using the chosen string / shift value, the game will render an encrypted message into the game canvas.
Decryption / Player tex-input
Once the encrypted string has been rendered in the game canvas:
The countdown will start
The input text-boxes will appear for the user to interact with
The user can enter only chars from A-Z otherwise it will count as incorrect
Security: User can only enter 1 character into the text-box, not more than 1
Need to figure out a way for the game engine to read all the separate text box characters as one single string, so that it can determine if the player has decrypted the message successfully.
Probably in each separate char, concatenate the chars to become one string (however, vulnerable to hacking)
OR
Scan through each integer separately and validate if the single char has the correct shift
Hints
If the timer has reached a certain #seconds, a "Hint" box will appear.
If the player clicks on the Hint box, it will tell them how many shifts they need on each char to decrypt the message.
Possible issues
If the string is too long, how do we render the encrypted objects so that it wraps around to the next line rather than go off-screen?
Same applies for the text-input as the text-input boxes should appear directly below the encrypted char images.

Additional Functionality
When the timer reaches a certain #seconds, there will be a flashing red border to indicate that the time is nearly up.